Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
911, what's your emergency?
They're dead. Four of them.
- I saw them. You gotta send somebody.
- Slow down.
- Tell me your name.
- Anna. Anna Quezada.
Are you at the location now, ma'am?
No, I live... I'm across the street.
My daughter, she found them.
- Why? Why would somebody?
- Ma'am, ma'am, calm down.
- What's the address?
- 214 26th street.
Oh, there was so much blood.
Stay on the line.
I'm gonna dispatch units to that location...
...and come right back to you, okay?
- Please hurry.
Yeah. Yeah.
Hey, chief. We got four dead,
shot execution style.
Two adult females and, uh, two kids.
Looks like they've been there
a few hours.
No casings.
Little girl there,
lives across the street.
She was coming after school
for a playdate.
Door was unlocked.
She walked in and found them.
Mom called 911.
I got Sanchez already knocking on doors.
Lieutenant Tao got a copy of the warrant
five minutes ago. He's inside with Buzz.
And even with all that noise you think
somebody would've heard something.
To muffle the sound,
he shot through a pillow. It's in here.
Buzz, be sure and document this
pillow by the chocolate bars.
They were eating breakfast.
I checked all the rooms.
Back door was dead-bolted.
The windows were locked.
Whoever did this
came and left through the front door.
I need time of death.
- Where's the coroner?
- Here. Here. Sorry.
Went to the wrong place. Uh...
All right if I get a liver temp.
On just one of them?
- Yes, that's fine.
- Thank you.
Mother was trying to protect her.
This kid can't be more than 10 years old.
Probably told them to lie down,
he wouldn't hurt them.
Covered them with the blankets
so he didn't have to see their faces.
Started with her, then her, her.
Boy heard the shots.
Tried to run away.
Hey, chief.
Oh.
So far, the, uh, only person that anyone saw
leaving this house today...
...was the husband-slash-father.
What a surprise.
And that was at 8:15 a.m. This morning,
same as every other day.
- Okay, what's his name, the father?
- Father's name is Victor Rivera.
He drives a blue Chevy Malibu.
The neighbor across the street
was taking out her trash.
- She said Rivera waved at her and smiled.
- Son of a bitch shoots his whole family...
...comes out smiling.
- Lieutenant.
- Buzz, stop the camera.
- I can't stop the tape.
Reload and start over.
Lieutenant, if we decide on a suspect
before we begin our investigation...
...the defense will have a field day
when we go to trial.
Thank you. We'll talk to this father...
...but let's find out what we can here first
and stay calm doing it, okay?
These cameras.
All right, the woman who called 911,
her name is Anna Quezada.
She's a friend of the family.
She said that Victor and his wife Cynthia
were working through some problems.
The son is Miguel
and the daughter is, uh, Lucia.
And this is Cynthia's mother Diana.
She was staying with them
through the summer.
All right, look out, Julio.
I'm late. I went to the wrong address.
You know why?
They gave me the wrong street.
They gave me 26th Place
instead of 26th Street.
All right, all right.
Room temp.'s 79, liver temp. 93. Uh...
A wild guess at time of death, I'd say
between 7:30 and 9:00 this morning.
And the father was seen
leaving at 8:15 a.m., chief.
Okay, found a paystub with Rivera's name
on it from Duppy's Paint and Body.
Address, Silver Lake.
All right, if you and Lieutenant Provenza
would see if he's there, bring him in.
Calmly.
Don't tell him anything
and try not to spook him.
- He could be armed.
- Yeah.
Detective Sanchez.
- Go through the family pictures, please.
- Yes, ma'am.
Thank you.
Meet Victor Rivera.
He has a criminal record.
He was arrested for domestic violence
six months ago...
...but the charges were dropped.
That was Flynn.
He's bringing Rivera up now.
And he didn't have a gun.
Well, let's start looking for it.
Detective Sanchez,
chart his path to work.
And let's put the word out,
I want this case ironclad.
Yes, ma'am.
Commander. And Mr. Ramos.
To what do we owe this happy surprise?
Uh, can we talk, chief?
Look, these murders
are going to be front-page news...
...no matter what we do.
Pope made an agreement with Ramos here
that he will only print what we confirm.
- Oh.
- So, look, you do what you need to do.
I'll babysit him. All right?
So this is your guy, the father?
He's a person of interest.
But in cases like this,
isn't it almost always a family member?
Or drugs or gangs.
Why don't you just have
a seat right here, okay? Good.
- Do you mind?
- Pardon me?
Everything go all right, lieutenant?
I've been telling assholes...
...to shut up and come with me
since before you could tie your shoes.
- I wasn't trying to start any...
- Watch your mouth.
Okay, all right. Enough.
- Lieutenant Flynn.
- Yeah, well, Rivera's in one...
...and he's a real piece of work.
You know what he's been bellyaching about
the whole way here? How mistreated he is.
Chief Johnson,
is it true that the young girl...
...was still clutching her doll
when you found her?
Here's what I can confirm
as being in the vicinity of the young girl...
...blood and brain matter.
Sergeant Gabriel.
Good afternoon, Mr. Rivera.
I'm Deputy Chief Brenda Leigh Johnson.
- Someone's read you your rights, correct?
- Yeah. Now, what's this about?
- Like what?
- Tell me about your morning...
...say from 7:00 on.
- I was sleeping, woke up at 7:30.
- Hey. Sit here.
- I done nothing wrong.
- After you woke up?
Showered, got dressed,
helped with the kids.
- Breakfast?
- I didn't have time.
I don't have time for this.
I'm losing money.
The more uncooperative you are, the longer
this'll take, the more it will cost.
- Why didn't you have time for breakfast?
- If you had kids, you wouldn't need to ask.
She's looking for what might've set him off,
to see how easily he loses his temper.
Takes every minute I have
to get them ready for school in the morning.
- What time did you leave for work?
- I don't know, 8:15, 8:30?
- Can anyone confirm that?
- Yeah, my wife, my kids.
You had a run-in with the law
about six months ago...
...a domestic-violence issue.
- Man, I've changed.
I'm going back to church.
I'm spending more time with family...
God gives you the strength
not to beat your wife?
That... That was a one-time thing.
We're having some ups and downs,
but nothing...
How's your relationship now
with your wife?
Did Cynthia...?
Why would you have known...? Wait.
Did Cynthia call you and complain?
- Why? What did you do?
- Nothing.
What?
Mr. Rivera, I wanna thank you
for all your help.
Sorry to put you through that...
...but it was important
that we eliminate you as a suspect.
- A suspect?
- She's buying his story?
Not necessarily.
Now she's gotta tell him
that his children are dead.
I'm sorry to tell you that something terrible
happened at your house today.
- At my house?
- Yes, sir...
...I'm sorry to report that your wife,
mother-in-law, son and daughter...
- What?
- They were found dead...
- No.
...at your house this morning.
- No, you're wrong.
- I'm sorry.
No. I need to go.
I need to go home right now!
- Sir.
- Let me go! I need to see them!
- Mr. Rivera!
- No, sir.
Oh, God.
I know what you're going through
is incredibly dif... Sergeant!
You're not gonna release this tape
to anyone, are you?
- Absolutely not.
- No way.
Fantastic.
- Make sure he sits here.
- Testing. One, two. Testing.
- Flynn.
- I'm not hearing him.
- Buzz. Testing.
- She's coming up. Let's go.
- I don't have sound.
- Get it fast.
I can't be responsible
for this old equipment.
One, two, testing. Buzz.
I'm working on it. Just a second.
Here you go, Mr. Rivera.
Nice, comfortable room.
I'm just so tired, man.
It's not my fault.
Well, this can't go on.
He could be confessing right now.
- What's wrong?
- We don't have sound.
Yeah. Still no sound.
Uh...
- Somebody in your life...
Oh, Buzz.
- Carrying a grudge
or was angry about anything?
I guess, um...
I guess there was this guy,
my neighbor, Emil something.
He thinks I ran over his dog.
- This was, like, three months ago.
- We'll check that out. What else?
- There was this boy in one of her classes.
- Your wife was a teacher?
Yeah. Name's Nelson.
He threatened her in class last week.
I don't remember what for. Look...
- I wanna go home, please.
- Sir...
- Please, let me go home.
- Sir, your home is a crime scene.
- You can't go there right now.
- I can't... Look, I can't think anymore.
Look, Mr. Rivera, I know that you're tired,
but I'm not the only one asking questions.
You think you have secrets? You don't.
The media will examine
every nook and cranny of your life...
...and I need to know exactly
what they're going to find.
Otherwise, I'll have no way to answer them
when they come to me...
...and say that you murdered your family.
And that is what they're going to say.
I need, uh...
I need to talk to someone.
Okay. Who do you need to talk to?
- My priest. Please?
- Oh.
- My priest.
- Sir, listen...
...it's just not a good idea.
- I wanna talk to my priest.
Well, then, pray with me.
Will you pray with me, please?
Pray with me.
I, uh... I need to pray.
Okay, okay. I'll pray with you.
Please forgive me
for how I sinned against my family.
for what I did to them.
Forgive you for what?
Help me, please.
God will help you. He will.
Just tell me what you did. Go ahead.
I had an affair.
Okay. You had an affair with whom?
Oh, man.
We're gonna be here all night.
- Okay.
- I'm so sorry.
Okay, and what is her name, this woman?
Aria. Aria Mazón.
When Cynthia found out,
she was gonna leave me.
But I swore that I'd stop
and be a better man.
Okay. This relationship, it ended badly?
I'm so sorry.
My babies. Miguel.
- I'm so sorry.
- I need you to give me her address, okay?
My beautiful Lucia.
- What is this woman's address? Tell me.
- Just wanna go home.
I just wanna be alone.
I don't understand why I can't just leave.
Okay, lieutenant, if you could
please find this Aria woman...
...find out how angry she was
about this breakup.
- Thank you.
- You got it, chief.
Lieutenant Provenza.
If you don't mind,
I'd like to ask you and Buzz...
...to spend the night here with me
while I continue to question Mr. Rivera.
- If he pulls himself together.
- Whatever you need, chief.
God knows I've got nothing else
going on in my life.
- I'm sorry, the kitchen just closed.
- I'm not hungry.
Lieutenant Andy Flynn, L.A.P.D.
- Are you Aria Mazón?
- Yes.
I'd like to ask you some questions
about Victor Rivera.
You and Mr. Rivera were having
an intimate relationship, is that right?
We saw each other some,
for about a year, yeah.
- When did it stop?
- Six months ago.
I should've known it would end like that.
God doesn't reward the sinner, right?
No.
No, he doesn't.
Something happened. Didn't it?
- With Vic? That's why you're here?
- Oh, he's fine.
But his family
was found murdered this morning.
Oh, God.
His kids too?
- Wait. You don't think he did it?
- Why shouldn't I?
Victor is a good man.
- He's always trying to live right.
- Is that why he had the affair?
It was tearing him up,
what we were doing.
That's why he broke it off.
I just can't believe it.
Well...
...I hate to ask, Miss Mazón,
but it's part of my job.
Can you tell me where you were
this morning...
...between the hours of 8 and 10?
I take an exercise class,
8:00 every morning.
Actually got into it because Victor
used to get on me about being healthy.
He was pretty strict
about that kind of thing.
At home with his kids too.
No sugar, no soda, no TV.
Nothing like that.
He loved those kids so much.
Thank you.
- Finally letting him go to sleep?
- It's either him or me.
How are we doing on our follow-ups?
Well, uh, Gabriel talked to the guy
with the dead dog.
Alibi's good. Same goes for the kid
in Mrs. Rivera's class.
- And what about the girlfriend, Aria?
- Flynn is still trying to clear her.
Now, get this, chief.
According to Aria, Rivera was a stickler
about sweets in the home.
I mean, no sugar, no soda.
Which is strange because...
Because there was a huge box
of candy bars on the floor next to the boy.
So what? You think the father just came in,
saw the candy and flipped out?
People kill for less.
Oh, I hate to ask you this...
...but can you drive me
back to the crime scene?
Just give me a second.
- Let me get my jacket and take a whiz.
- Thanks.
You know, chief, Flynn says
Rivera dumped this girlfriend pretty hard.
- Gives her a strong motive.
- Uh-huh.
Put yourself out there for someone,
fix yourself up.
You think they want the same things,
then suddenly, out of nowhere: Wham.
They tell you it's over.
And your heart...
...it's squashed like a bug.
- Provenza, where are we?
- What?
Oh, bullshit Marie.
This is the same thing I did yesterday.
I'm sorry, chief. You see?
You see where it says "26th Place"?
Crime scene's two blocks away,
at 214 26th Street.
Wait. Stop the car. Stop the car.
- Chief, this is the wrong address.
- Maybe it's not.
You came here first
and so did the coroner.
Chief, what are you doing?
Chief.
Wait a minute. Would you wait once?
Wait for me, please.
L.A.P.D. I've got some questions
I wanna ask.
Nope. Excuse me.
- Agent. FBI. Agent... Agent?
- Let's go. Let's go.
- I've got some questions.
- This is FBI operation.
Police have no business here.
Keep walking.
- This is a murder investigation.
- Let's go.
You have no right to...
Who is this young...? Who is he?
Oh, well, I never.
- Have you ever?
- No.
He's just a boy in his teens.
And you didn't get a chance
to question him at all?
No, because your rude FBI goons
swooped in out of nowhere, took him away.
Sounds like a protected witness.
Duh.
We checked the title on the house.
Belongs to a 77-year-old woman.
Her name is Rosa Faron.
She's got an 18-year-old grandson
by the name of Hector Cruz.
- You ever heard of him?
- Not that I can remember.
Do you want me to call around?
No. No, no.
Because then you'll be in the middle...
...and I'm trying very hard
not to let that happen.
I ran Hector's name.
- Quite a record for someone so young.
- Thinking he was the intended target?
And the killer mixed up the addresses,
just like we did.
- Why would someone want Hector dead?
- Call L.A. Clear.
- They can give background.
- Don't like the Clearing House.
What could you possibly have
against the database...
...which tracks warrants, wiretaps
and witnesses...
...for every law-enforcement agency
in the state...
...all to prevent someone,
yourself, for example...
...from tripping into an open investigation,
which is probably what you did?
If I call Clearing House and they tell me
I'm crossing wires with another case...
...they could stop me
from moving forward with my own.
Instead of working against the system,
why don't you try using it?
You can get something done
without always making people angry.
I don't always make people angry
with me.
I have to go. I need the cat.
- Where you taking her?
- Back to the vet.
- Why?
- She has not eaten since yesterday morning.
Oh, no, no, no.
- I'll get her to eat.
- No, honey, just give me...
- You didn't try the treats.
- I tried everything.
No. She loves the kitty treats.
Just you watch.
- He's going to eat.
- She. She. She.
She is going to eat.
Okay.
Here.
Call the Clearing House
and have them run the two addresses.
And, honey...
Honey, play nicely with the other children.
Come on, baby.
Yeah.
- She's eating.
- I see, I see. You're a genius.
All right.
Follow directions.
Ah, Chief Johnson. This is Detective
Nick Carey. He's L.A.P.D.'s lead officer...
...in a joint task-force
we're running with the FBI...
...investigating a drug trafficker
named Tavio Baran.
I called Detective Carey's office
this morning and left a message...
...after checking with the Clearing House.
- Thank you so much for coming in...
- Wait a minute.
I'm sorry. I didn't get your message.
- I came here bec...
- Nick, Nick, Nick. Let me explain this.
Chief Johnson, our investigation
seems to have exposed...
...one of Nick's protected witnesses
against Tavio.
A boy named Hector Cruz.
You paid Hector a visit without consulting
anyone involved in my case.
At the time, I wasn't aware
that there was a case or...
- You should've checked with L.A. Clear.
- Okay.
What we have here is an example
of miscommunication that has developed...
...between different divisions
within the L.A.P.D.
So, what we will do now is practice
our new policy of cooperation.
Okay? We'll begin with a little background
on this Hector Cruz.
Now.
We picked up Hector for dealing.
We got him to roll on Tavio Baran,
who we caught with 50 kilos of cocaine.
Cruz has been working with us
for the past nine months...
...helping us dismantle
Tavio's distribution network.
And all of that time and effort
was threatened...
...when Chief Johnson walked up
and knocked on Hector's door this morning.
An action for which, I'm sure,
Chief Johnson has a really good explanation.
Yes, I do. A quadruple homicide
I'm investigating at 214 26th Street.
As it so happens,
Hector Cruz lives at 214 26th Place.
Come on. You're telling me that you went
to the house of a protected witness...
By mistake, yes.
But now I believe that Hector
may have been the target...
...of a hit carried out at the wrong address.
- No way.
We've got active wires all over the place.
Detective Carey,
sometimes people don't like to say:
"Hey, I'm gonna kill a witness,"
over their cell phone.
Now, if you don't mind,
I'd like the entire case file on Tavio Baran.
Sorry, ma'am.
That information's confidential.
But you've turned over discovery
to Mr. Baran's defense, have you not?
Actually, Tavio Baran
is acting as his own counsel.
- So he's received discovery himself?
- About a thousand pages last week.
Baran can have this information,
but I can't?
With all due respect, chief...
...no one from Homicide has ever helped me
with a dope charge...
...unless it was to benefit them
in some way.
- Oh, man.
- Detective Carey...
...this is not the time to play tit for tat.
I'm looking for someone who walked into
a house and shot four people to death.
Including two children.
Now that your case and mine are related,
I am obligated to pursue that possibility.
And what if you're wrong? You build a
fantastic case for the real killer's defense...
...should your murders ever go to trial.
Nick, no one is arguing about
the potential sacrifice you're making here.
Detective Carey,
as far as the public safety is concerned...
...there is simply no scenario
in which your case takes precedence.
Chief Johnson,
what materials will you be needing?
Informant's backgrounds, please,
and surveillance.
I'd like the discovery
you handed over to the DA...
...as well as all video
of Mr. Baran's visitors.
- I'll try to put that together soon.
- Like right now, Detective Carey.
How much of this
do we have to go through?
Detective Carey filed
967 pages of discovery...
...in the case against Tavio Baran.
Disregard anything that doesn't
give information about Hector Cruz.
We're gonna be done lickety-split.
All right, here's the candy
from the crime scene.
Looks like it was a school fundraiser.
They got the name of the high school
and the address...
...right here on the back
of the candy bar.
Hey, wait a minute. This is for
the 29th Street High School band program.
But the Rivera children
were wearing Catholic school uniforms.
29th Street High School's public.
There was no forced entry.
There was no signs of a struggle.
So what? The killer's some kid
selling candy door-to-door?
- That still doesn't get him in the house.
- It would lower someone's guard.
All right. All right, I'll get a list
of every student from 29th Street School...
...and find out which ones
were selling candy.
Oh, my God. Chief.
Look at this.
Baran's visitation footage
for the last three months, as you requested.
Mostly a lot of low-rent talk
with his girlfriend.
One thing you'll see, it sounds like Tavio
telling her he needs a witness taken out.
A bunch of hot air, though, because
he never gives her names or addresses...
...and she never contacted anyone
from his crew about it.
What?
Mr. Carey, it's standard procedure
for you to stamp every page of discovery...
...before handing it over to the defense.
- Is it not?
- That's right.
- And you stamp these pages yourself?
- I do. Yeah, yeah.
Page 117 is stamped. Take a look.
You have notes
about a witness statement...
...followed immediately
by the witness's address...
...which just happened
to belong to Hector Cruz.
This is obviously information
that should've been removed.
But it wasn't.
And because of your negligence,
9-year-old Lucia Rivera is dead.
- 16-year-old Miguel Rivera is dead.
- Hey, hey, hey. Wait a minute here.
My witness is still alive.
Whatever happened to this guy's family,
as awful as it is, it is not my fault.
- Do you believe this mistake has nothing...
- It's still the wrong street, ma'am!
Now, if it turns out that Tavio Baran
was behind this...
...and it makes the father feel better...
...then tell him I'm sorry.
You know,
they got some fool lying about me.
They're gonna pay his ass
to take the stand and put me away.
This must be the visit Carey was
talking about. The bald guy is Tavio Baran.
- Gonna be hard to beat this.
- What can I do, baby? I wanna get you out.
- You know I love you?
- Of course I know it.
You know I wanna come home, right?
I wanna help you raise that baby.
- Yeah, I want that so bad, baby.
- This is Dina Lopez.
As far as anybody knows,
that's his baby she's carrying.
Pregnant or not, there is no Dina Lopez
registered at 29th Street High.
Who is this guy?
How do we make him stop?
I don't know who he is.
But you're on the outside.
Can you help me try to find this fool
for me, baby, huh? For me?
I'll do whatever I can, baby.
- Because you love me, right?
- You know I do.
Sure sounds like he's arranging a hit.
She looks like she loves him enough...
...to do whatever he wants.
- Love.
Love, love, love.
Come over here.
Lean over here for me.
Come here, baby. Come on. Let's see it.
- Give me more.
- Oh, baby.
Show me what I want, baby. Oh, yeah.
What are they doing there?
She's giving him a peek.
Flashing her breasts or something.
Do you see that?
You do that to me, baby.
Oh, I see it. I see it. I see it.
- Show me.
- This video is from Tuesday?
The day before the murders.
If he ordered a hit,
he never told her who or where.
She's the only visitor he's had
in three weeks.
Every Tuesday and Friday at noon.
So she'll be there tomorrow.
Rewind the tape, Buzz.
I need to look at this again.
- You want us to bring Dina in?
- No.
I wanna find out
everything I can about her first.
Dump her phones, run numbers against
the people Detective Carey identified...
...in Tavio's crew.
Thank you.
How did he tell her where to go?
Come on, baby.
Come on. Show me.
Hey, I got your note.
I just watched the video.
- Where's Kitty?
- I stopped by at lunch to check on her.
She was throwing up all those kitty treats
you gave her...
...so I took her back to the vet.
Well, what did she say, the vet?
She wants to keep her overnight,
put her on an IV.
Just another million dollars.
- What?
- I said, it's just until tomorrow.
Well, good. So he's gonna get better.
She is gonna get better, maybe.
- So you looked at the tape?
- I did.
It seems pretty plausible
the guy's ordering a hit.
We know that.
I mean, everyone's in agreement about that.
- Well, okay. Don't get upset.
- I'm not. I just... I mean, how?
How is he?
How is he ordering the hit?
I mean, the only thing he seems to be doing
is staring at her breasts.
Well, maybe he's passing information
through another inmate.
No, no, no, I checked on that.
Baran's in solitary.
No contact with any of the other prisoners.
No one to code with or send kites to.
He's completely cut off.
Well, honey, I really don't know.
Oh, for heaven's sakes.
Right.
Chief. Chief. Yes. Yes, thank you.
That was 29th Street High.
Turns out Dina Lopez
has a half-sister in the 9th grade there.
And guess what.
Dina's sister was selling candy bars
to raise money for the school.
Bingo.
Okay. Let's get a warrant
to search Dina Lopez's residence.
Maybe she was stupid enough
to take the gun home with her.
Tavio Baran.
- Station 5, miss.
- Thank you.
Who are you?
I'm Deputy Chief Brenda Leigh Johnson
of the L.A.P.D.
Where's Tavio? I'm here to see Tavio.
I'm sorry,
but Mr. Baran's legal situation has changed.
- Before we let anyone talk to him...
- What?
- We need to ask them a few questions
and advise them of their rights.
- You wanna continue with your visit?
- Well, yeah.
You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say can and will be used...
...against you in a court of law.
You have the right to an attorney.
If you can't afford one,
one will be appointed to you.
Do you understand these rights?
- I don't need no attorney.
- All right then.
Oh, my goodness, are you pregnant?
Do you know what you're having?
- Baby girl.
- Oh, congratulations.
- Have you picked out a name?
- Isabela.
Oh, that's a beautiful name.
Well, I know you wanna visit with Tavio
so let's start with the questions, shall we?
Do you recognize this boy?
No. Who's he supposed to be?
He's the witness testifying against Tavio
in his drug trafficking trial.
An attempt was made on his life.
- An attempt?
- Yes.
But unfortunately for Tavio,
the killer went to the wrong address.
So instead of murdering the witness...
...you shot four
completely innocent people in the head.
And at first, I thought maybe you
hired someone to do this, Dina.
But then I found
your sister's candy bars...
- What?
- At the scene.
- I didn't have nothing to do...
- You use that to take them off their guard?
- I don't know what you're talking about.
- Did you knock on the door?
Tell them you were desperate
to use the bathroom?
It's hard to say no to a pregnant woman.
Knocking door-to-door, selling candy,
desperate to pee.
So they let you in,
and then you pulled your gun.
The gun that we found at your house.
It's registered in your name,
I'm assuming that you know how to use it.
This gun fired all the bullets
we pulled out of the victims.
I don't know noth...
I don't know anything about this. I don't.
I know a lot about it. For example, I know
when people are ashamed of killing...
...they force victims
to cover up their faces...
...because they can't stand
to see them die.
Only thing I couldn't figure out
was how Tavio gave you the address...
...last time you were here.
- He didn't give me no address.
Then I realized
that the last time he was here...
...he wasn't panting
because he was so turned on...
...he was fogging up the glass
in the partition, like this:
You see,
as long as you don't clean the glass...
And seeing as this is a public building,
that could take a long time.
- If you write on it with your finger,
it'll stay for weeks.
Oh, God, no.
You didn't go to 26th Place.
You went to 26th Street.
You really thought this family
was involved with drugs?
The little girl, she was 9 years old.
And the brother and her mother
and her grandmother...
...which one of these looks like a witness?
- It wasn't me. I swear.
I have a baby.
I just... I want her to have a daddy.
- And now she loses her mommy too.
- No. Please, no.
Let me explain how this works.
Babies that are born in jail
to single mothers...
- No, please. No.
- To single mothers like you...
...they are immediately put up
for adoption.
But if you tell me right now
in your own words what happened...
...I'll arrange for a family member
to raise Isabela for you.
- After she's born, she can visit you in jail.
- No.
- No, I can't. I...
- All right. I'll see you in court then.
No, no, no. Wait.
- I need a chance.
- So say it. Say it!
Say it or Isabela gets a new mommy.
I shot them. Okay? Okay?
I shot them so I can have my family.
I want my family!
And you really thought executing other
people's children would give you that?
Put your hands behind your back.
- Hey, chief.
- Oh, hey.
Oh, thank you.
How's Mr. Rivera doing?
Okay.
- Does he have anyone close?
- Not here.
I'm gonna let him sleep
on my couch tonight.
He's got a sister coming into town.
She's gonna help him figure out
what to do with...
- the house.
Well, that's good of you, Julio.
To help him like that.
I can't...
...really help him.
I'm just giving him a place to sleep.
- Anyway, uh, you have a good night, chief.
- Thanks. You too.
Yeah. Oh, uh...
I heard that the funerals
are on Wednesday...
...and I was wondering
if I could get the day off.
- Of course.
- Thank you.
Yoo-hoo.
Here, Kitty, Kitty, Kitty.
- Hey.
- You close your case?
- Yeah.
Where's Kitty?
The vet didn't wanna release her,
after all.
Why?
Brenda, she's not doing too well.
- Last night you said she was getting better.
- Yeah, but now she isn't.
Oh.
Yesterday, I left here
and she was eating breakfast.
And now I'm not gonna see her again?
Why didn't I know
that this could happen?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org